Add the initial publish module action (#8)
TakeScoop/publish-terraform-cloud-module-action: README.md

> # Terraform Register Module Action

Reviewer: Does "register" come from the Terraform Cloud API? If not, probably just "create" is fine. Seems like the name should begin with `terraform-cloud` as well. It seems like it's featured a lot in the code and the docs as a generic verb. That's something to avoid, in favor of naming conventions borrowed from the upstream API.

Reviewer: To answer my own question:

https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/api/modules.html#publish-a-private-module-from-a-vcs

So I think `publish-terraform-cloud-module-action`

You can probably replace a lot of uses of "register" with "publish." Or in some cases it might be better to use the noun for types rather than `${verb}Options`, e.g. `function publish(module: Module) {`. Or maybe `ModuleRequest` if you need to return a `Module`.

Author: sounds good, i'll update the repo name too

> Use this action to register a repository with a Terraform Cloud registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action creates a new private module in Terraform Cloud with a VCS connection to the current repository, if one does not already exist.
```

## Usage

```yaml
  lint:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: takescoop/terraform-register-module-action@v1
        with:

>           repo: "{{ github.repository }}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          repo: "${{ github.repository }}"
```

          tf-organization: takescoop

>           tf-token: "{{ secrets.TF_TOKEN }}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          tf-token: "${{ secrets.TF_TOKEN }}"
```

>           vcs-name: Github

Reviewer: This should be the default, no? Would say this doesn't even need to be customizable but other editions of GH (e.g. Enterprise Server) might have distinct names.

Author: It doesn't appear to be an actual default, although there is a suggestion
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8100360/125850753-84449182-73a3-4c2b-bfcd-2718746cb0d8.png)

I figured it was something like this because my cloud account uses the suggested `GitHub.com` but we use `GitHub`

Author: We can default to `GitHub.com` for now though, seems reasonable enough

```

### Action inputs

| Name | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `repo` | (Required) The repository to register. Format: `owner/name` ||

> | `tf-organization` | (Required) The Terraform organization name ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tf-organization` | (Required) The Terraform Cloud organization name ||
```

Reviewer: All these also apply to the `action.yaml` but I haven't duplicated them

> | `tf-token` | (Required) A Terraform token capable of making API requests ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tf-token` | (Required) A Terraform Cloud API token ||
```

> | `tf-host` | Terraform API domain name | `app.terraform.io` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tf-host` | The Terraform Cloud hostname | `app.terraform.io` |
```

> | `vcs-token-id` | Token ID of the Terraform VCS client to register the repository with (takes precedence over vcs-name) ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `vcs-token-id` | Token ID of the Terraform Cloud VCS client used in the VCS connection (overrides vcs-name) ||
```

> | `vcs-name` | Name of the Terraform Cloud VCS client to register the repository with ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `vcs-name` | Name of the Terraform Cloud VCS client for the repository ||
```
